This simple, unpretentious Nicaraguan custard consists of milk, sugar, butter, egg yolks, and cornstarch. It is lightly flavored with cinnamon and vanilla. The custard has an unusual consistency, so it can be sipped or consumed with a spoon. Atolillo can be served as a dessert in small bowls or glasses, but it is also used as a topping for various cakes such as Pio V.Lemon and blueberry flavors give these cupcakes a great taste. Blueberries or fresh, edible flowers make an easy, pretty decoration.
Pio quinto is a traditional Nicaraguan custard cake that is drenched in rum, then dusted with cinnamon. It is traditionally made with a combination of flour and pinol (toasted white cornmeal). Sometimes, raisins and prunes are added to the cake for extra flavor.
Rosquillas are traditional Spanish deep-fried donuts, characterized by their fluffy texture and a hole in the middle. They are typically prepared during the Holy Week festivities. Although there are many varieties of rosquillas, the classic ones are prepared with a combination of eggs, sugar, milk, oil, lemon zest, flour, baking powder, and anisette, which imparts a unique flavor to these tasty donuts.
Tres leches cake is a dense, moist dessert consisting of a sponge cake covered with three types of milk: evaporated, condensed, and whole milk. Although its origins are quite murky, most sources claim it was invented in Nicaragua, but the cake is popular throughout Central America, the United States, and Europe, where it is a staple at numerous celebrations and festivities.
Thai Milk Tea is usually orange in color and made from tea mixed with several herbs and spices, evaporated milk, condensed milk & creamer. It is usually quite orange in color, served over ice and very sweet. The tea used to make the drink is sold as Thai Tea Mix and there are several brands. Roadside vendors may use one brand of tea mix or mix two or more brands together to try to get a more original taste.
Matcha Pudding is soft custard pudding flavored with Matcha powder.  Pudding is not very Japanese, but just by adding Matcha flavor, it becomes a great ending for a Japanese meal.
Bubble tea is very popular, especially to Asians, but now, more and more people from different backgrounds like the taste of it.
You'll love these if you're a big fan of thin chocolate mint Girl Scout cookies. The dense base layer is a rich fudgy brownie.
This lemon cake recipe trims the fat and calories while still retaining the moist lemony quality.
Lemon and blueberry flavors give these cupcakes a great taste. Blueberries or fresh, edible flowers make an easy, pretty decoration.
Moist, light, fluffy, and low calorie carrot cake recipe.
Cool off on a hot day with a big bowl of creamy homemade ice cream. Perfect for entertaining, this five-star recipe makes enough for a crowd.